# TODO LIST

* Data gathering for quests
* Sorting path
* Adding display code

## Data gathering for quests

To ensure a good experience, it is wise to collect more data than
displayed.  For each quest start, end, and where to go, also get
subzone(s) where to get them.

We want to know which quests are series, and which quests require
certain conditions.  These conditions can be having done other quests,
being a specific level, being a specific class, having secondary
professions.

### XP and doing non-solo content

We want better data on how much XP we should have at any point, so we
can give good hints on if player should kill more mobs as they see
them or not.

Hopefully, if players choose to do dungeons (we will set them up so
they are able to pick up all quests and have space for them in their
quest log until they outlevel it), we get XP values for that, too, but
we'll stick to wipe free non-rested XP rates.

## Sorting path

We will start Adventum in Loch Modan, where everyone will have an
empty quest log.  Night elves don't get any benefit from having made
the run, however.  Note that Elwynn Forest questers should NOT have
picked up Bingles or Elmore's Task yet.

There is still confusion on how much to do in Auberdine.  We'll have
to sort that out, but it won't be until after humans and dwarves have
gotten their Menethil FP.

Also, there is plenty of confusion on where to set HS.  We can
probably use it far more actively.  As we'll do a bit of traveling
across the continents, players should be warned there is no need to do
their class quest until they're in the area, but try to squeeze in
Druid's swim form using Moonglade port together with an appropriate HS
so they can do the dive thing while doing Old Murk-Eye.


Anyway, here goes so far:

Humans go through IF to get IF FP.  

Trogg teeth and Defense first part,

pick up FP, set hs

get with Kobold ears, cooking quest, equipment in cave.  Complete
cave, keep grinding to complete the others.  Turn in in Thelsamar,
pick up Expedition, run to Expedition and get fu, HS back to
Thelsamar, turn in Expedition and get fu (needs verification), to
Defense of Kings... get part two and do it, turn in, get part three.
Travel to IF (nelves run, ensure to get IF FP, others back to
Thelsamar and fly, dorfs and gnomes should do their FP thing up until
return to Thelsamar)

Go Tram do rat quest, take tram turn rat quest in

Good time to get Humble beginnings (14 needed? verify)

get SW FP for non-humans.  Try do Hogger and turn in for nice reward.

Go westfall, Ol Blanchy, Pocket Watch, Westfall Stew series, grab 3
murloc eyes before moving to get next westfall stew goretusk pie,
harvesters.  Go SH, get defias quests, bandanas, gnoll paws (verify)
and kill count.  Do circles until all but harverster is completed.

Now pick up the "FP quest" if you're human (don't think it's available to anyone else)

Time to leg it to redridge (might have missed a quest) to talk to
Wiley, pick up guard's quest on the way.

Get FP, SET HS IN REDRIDGE.

Turn in guard's quest, do lucky charm, pick up Messenger to Stormwind,
Price of Shoes, next step from Wiley, beer quest.  Should be to
Stormwind, fly there, get the beer thing, talk to Mathias, humans do
their FP thing, talk to Jonathan, run to Goldshire, turn in Hogger,
Price of Shoes, pick up Elmore's task, buy quest beer, HS to Redridge,
turn in what you have, don't pick up anything but Messenger to
Westfall.  Fly to SH.




	Be level 12 (do we need more?)
	"QLU NEW: 224 [In Defense of the King's Lands]", -- [373]
	"QLU NEW: 267 [The Trogg Threat]", -- [374]
	Get FP, Set HS
	"QLU NEW: 416 [Rat Catching]", -- [377]
	"QLU NEW: 1339 [Mountaineer Stormpike's Task]", -- [378]
	"QLU NEW: 418 [Thelsamar Blood Sausages]", -- [380]
	Start doing 224, 267, 416, 418 while moving to
	"QUEST_TURNED_IN: 1339 [Mountaineer Stormpike's Task]", -- [398]
	"QLU NEW: 307 [Filthy Paws]", -- [400]
	Sell stuff
	Keep doing 224, 267, 416, 418 while moving to do
	Complete 307
	Keep doing 224, 267, 416, 418 while moving to do
	"QUEST_TURNED_IN: 307 [Filthy Paws]", -- [411]
	"QLU NEW: 1338 [Stormpike's Order]", -- [399]
	Sell stuff
	Complete 416, 418, 224, 267 while moving to do
	"QUEST_TURNED_IN: 418 [Thelsamar Blood Sausages]", -- [417]
	"QUEST_TURNED_IN: 416 [Rat Catching]", -- [418]
	"QLU NEW: 436 [Ironband's Excavation]", -- [379]
	"QUEST_TURNED_IN: 436 [Ironband's Excavation]", -- [463]
	"QLU NEW: 298 [Excavation Progress Report]", -- [464]
	Use HS
	Sell stuff
	"QUEST_TURNED_IN: 298 [Excavation Progress Report]", -- [466]
	"QLU NEW: 301 [Report to Ironforge]", -- [467]
	"QUEST_TURNED_IN: 224 [In Defense of the King's Lands]", -- [438]
	"QLU NEW: 237 [In Defense of the King's Lands]", -- [439]
	"QUEST_TURNED_IN: 267 [The Trogg Threat]", -- [440]
	Do 237
	"QUEST_TURNED_IN: 237 [In Defense of the King's Lands]", -- [461]
	"QLU NEW: 263 [In Defense of the King's Lands]", -- [902]
	Go to Ironforge.  If nelf, run and get FP, otherwise, Thelsamar then fly
	"QUEST_TURNED_IN: 301 [Report to Ironforge]", -- [468]
	"QLU NEW: 6661 [Deeprun Rat Roundup]", -- [354]
	"QUEST_TURNED_IN: 6661 [Deeprun Rat Roundup]", -- [360]
	"QLU NEW: 6662 [Me Brother, Nipsy]", -- [361]
	Take tram
	"QUEST_TURNED_IN: 6662 [Me Brother, Nipsy]", -- [362]
	"QUEST_TURNED_IN: 1338 [Stormpike's Order]", -- [364]
	"QLU NEW: 399 [Humble Beginnings]", -- [365]
	Get SW FP
	"QLU NEW: 176 [Wanted:  \"Hogger\"]", -- [367]
	Do 176
	"QLU NEW: 64 [The Forgotten Heirloom]", -- [370]
	"QLU NEW: 109 [Report to Gryan Stoutmantle]", -- [371]
	"QLU NEW: 36 [Westfall Stew]", -- [372]
	"QLU NEW: 151 [Poor Old Blanchy]", -- [373]
	Start doing 151, Get 3x[Murloc Eye], if opportunity do 64, kill boars and birds while moving to
	"QLU NEW: 9 [The Killing Fields]", -- [377]
	"QUEST_TURNED_IN: 36 [Westfall Stew]", -- [378]
	"QLU NEW: 22 [Goretusk Liver Pie]", -- [379]
	"QLU NEW: 38 [Westfall Stew]", -- [380]
	Sell stuff
	Keep doing 151, 38, 22, while moving to
	"QUEST_TURNED_IN: 109 [Report to Gryan Stoutmantle]", -- [386]
	"QLU NEW: 12 [The People's Militia]", -- [387]
	"QLU NEW: 102 [Patrolling Westfall]", -- [389]
	"QLU NEW: 153 [Red Leather Bandanas]", -- [390]
	Do and keep doing 12, 22, 38, 151, 102, 153 while moving to do
	"QLU OBJECTIVE 64: Furlbrow's Pocket Watch: 1/1 true", -- [375]
	Complete 151 and keep doing 12, 22, 38, 102, 153 while moving to do
	"QUEST_TURNED_IN: 151 [Poor Old Blanchy]", -- [443]
	"QUEST_TURNED_IN: 64 [The Forgotten Heirloom]", -- [444]
	Complete 38, 22 and keep doing 12, 102, 153 while moving to do
	"QUEST_TURNED_IN: 38 [Westfall Stew]", -- [385]
	"QUEST_TURNED_IN: 22 [Goretusk Liver Pie]", -- [476]
	Complete 12, 102, 153 while moving to do
	"QUEST_TURNED_IN: 102 [Patrolling Westfall]", -- [518]
	"QUEST_TURNED_IN: 13 [The People's Militia]", -- [516]
	"QLU NEW: 14 [The People's Militia]", -- [517]
	"QLU NEW: 65 [The Defias Brotherhood]", -- [475]
	Run to Redridge
	"QLU NEW: 244 [Encroaching Gnolls]", -- [519]
	"QUEST_TURNED_IN: 244 [Encroaching Gnolls]", -- [520]
	


	
	
	
